Task/rhornung67/doc examples (#814)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/core/docs/sphinx/core_acceleration.rst

Core acceleration
******************************************************

> Axom's `core` component provides several utilities for user applications that 
> support execution on hardware accelerators. Axom lets users control execution 
> space using RAJA and memory space using Umpire. As noted in the 
> `RAJA documentation <https://raja.readthedocs.io/en/main/index.html>`_,
> developers of high-performance computing applications have many options for 
> running code: on the CPU, using OpenMP, or on GPU hardware accelerators, and 
> the options are constantly evolving. RAJA controls *where* code runs; Umpire 
> moves data between memory spaces.

Reviewer: I like this paragraph, but the order of these sentences seems a bit awkward to me for readers who aren't familiar with "execution space" and "memory space".
What do you think about the following (which reworks the final sentence into the second one):
```suggestion
Axom's `core` component provides several utilities for user applications that 
support execution on hardware accelerators. Axom lets users control the execution 
space (i.e. *where* code runs) using RAJA and movement between memory spaces using Umpire. 
As noted in the `RAJA documentation <https://raja.readthedocs.io/en/main/index.html>`_,
developers of high-performance computing applications have many options for 
running code: on the CPU, using OpenMP, or on GPU hardware accelerators, and 
the options are constantly evolving.
```

     and can be used in all Axom configurations.
   * GPU execution support for Axom features is continually exapanding. 
     Axom Core offers an interface that uses RAJA and Umpire internally and 
     provides easy access to for-loop level acceleration via the parallel-for 
     idiom, which invokes a given lambda function for every index in range.  

The memory management API allows users to leverage either C++ memory functions 
or Umpire, depending on the availability of Umpire at compilation. It supports 
a simple operation set: allocate, deallocate, reallocate, and copy. If Umpire 
is used, an allocator can be specified -- 
see `Umpire documentation <https://readthedocs.org/projects/umpire>`_ 
for details. Note that the fall-back to C++ memory functions is automatic, 
so the same piece of code can handle standard C++ or C++ with Umpire. However, 
to use advanced features, such as accessing unified memory, Umpire must be 
enabled, otherwise errors will occur at compilation.

.. note::
   We refrain from including the output of the example in this section in the 
   documentation since the output is verbose. If you are curious, please 

>    run the examples yourself.

Reviewer: 👍

>    attempt to run the examples yourself.

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion
```suggestion
   run the examples yourself.
```

Author: changed
